Clarify additional infrastructure requirements for some Open edX features (#1400)
openedx/docs.openedx.org: source/site_ops/concepts/tutor.rst

.. youtube:: BzNcrmyFpw4

 .. note:: 

  Some Open edX platform features may depend on additional services or infrastructure beyond the default Tutor deployment.
  For example, video-related features may rely on external video processing or storage services that are not included in a standard Tutor setup.

>   Operators running independent OpenEdX installations should review feature-specific documentation to determine whether additional configuration or external services are required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Operators running independent Open edX installations should review feature-specific documentation to determine whether additional configuration or external services are required.
```

| Review Date  | Working Group Reviewer        |   Release      |Test situation                  |
+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+--------------------------------+
|              |                               |                |                                |
+--------------+-------------------------------+----------------+--------------------------------+

.. note::

> Some Open edX platform features may depend on additional services or infrastructure beyond the default Tutor deployment. Operators running independent Open edX installations should review feature-specific documentation to determine whether additional configuration or external services are required.

Reviewer: Hi! Thanks for this contribution. However, I feel this note is really vague. I would feel more confused than helped by reading it. Could you describe what you're intending with this change?
